{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TODO:\
\
1. Add API calls to CrisisNet API\
2. Allow filtering of API calls by user (by location, etc.)\
3. Add in images to ListView (not quite sure about this yet).\
4. Add in Google Play Services to allow viewing of crises on Google Maps\
5. Allow viewing of news links from CrisisNet API data.\
6. Sharing functionality (via social networking sites)?\
\
\
WHY I DID THIS PROJECT:\
\
I was going to do the Shelter Finder app idea, but I\'92m going to be volunteering for a SCU Frugal Innovation Labs project that was a similar idea. To avoid overlap, I\'92m going to do this app instead, as detailed in number 2 of my final project proposal: \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The app would make use of the CrisisNet API (or something similar) to display current crises as pins on a Google Map in-app. Location would default to the user\'92s GPS location but would also be selectable by user input of zip code. Upon tapping the pin, relevant information is displayed, such as the location, name, type (natural disaster, terrorist attack, etc.), and relevant tags (flood, religious conflict, etc). The app would also link to relevant news stories from the New York Times, CNN, and the like.\
\
If I need to add more features or functionality, please let me know. \
\
THINGS I\'92VE DONE IN MILESTONE ONE:\
\
1. Set up a ListView and a custom adapter. Displayed dummy data for now.\
2. Set up Google Play Services so I\'92m ready to use location for the next milestones.\
3. Set up a Display Activity so I can show data once I get it from the API call. \
4. Set up an \'93About This App\'94 activity.\
5. All basic UI elements are complete\
\
THINGS TO DO IN THE FUTURE:\
\
1. Complete TODO list above. \
2. Add more functionality as specified by Professor/TA.}